Client side forms (#90)
SenseNet/docs.sensenet.com: content/concepts/client-side-forms.md

---
title: "Client-Side Forms"
metaTitle: "sensenet - Client-Side Forms"
metaDescription: "sensenet Client-Side Forms"
---

As you probably know this already, everything is content in sensenet. This philosophy provides many advantages because the only difference between contents are the fields they have. This facilitates the way of managing different [types of contents](/concepts/content-types).

Based on this logic, defining a new content type with custom fields opens the possibility to create client-side forms easily.

# Schemas and Forms
You have the newly defined content type: a form. But how will your users fill this?
Every time a user fills the fields (questions) of this content and submits it, a new instance is created (filled form), containing all the answers given in the form (saved to the corresponding fields).

## Schemas

> Fields of content types can have different types and different configurations, just like questions on a survey. So if you have your questions, you can easily select the matching types using a wide variety of field types from simple text and number fields to more complex ones containing multiple options to choose, or even al ist of links as answers. The fields can also be used to refine your questions by setting minimum or maximum values, making a question/field required to fill, or adding more complex rules like email or phone number validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields of content types can have different types and different configurations, just like questions on a survey. So if you have your questions, you can easily select the matching types using a wide variety of field types from simple text and number fields to more complex ones containing multiple options to choose, or even a list of links as answers. The fields can also be used to refine your questions by setting minimum or maximum values, making a question/field required to fill, or adding more complex rules like email or phone number validation.
```
